## Even numbers:
Any number that’s evenly divisible by 2 is an even number, like 4, 12, and –10.

## Odd numbers: 
Any number that is not evenly divisible by 2 (in other words, when you divide by 2,you get a remainder) is an odd number, like 3, 9, and –25.

## Positive numbers:
All numbers greater than 0 are considered positive.

## Negative numbers: 
All numbers less than 0 are considered negative.

## Prime numbers: 
The only two numbers that divide evenly into a prime number are the number itself and 1 (and that’s no great feat, since 1 divides evenly into every number). Some examples of prime numbers are 5, 13, and 19. By the way, 1 is not considered a prime number, due to the technicality that it’s only divisible by one thing, while all the other prime numbers are divisible by two things. Therefore, 2 is the smallest positive prime number.

## Composite numbers:
If a number is divisible by things other than itself and 1, then it is called a composite number, and those things that divide evenly into the number (leaving behind no remainder) are called its factors. Basically they are numbers which are not prime. Some examples of composite numbers are 4, 12, and 30.

## Natural numbers: 
The numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and so forth are called the natural(or counting) numbers. They’re the numbers you were first taught as a child when counting.

## Whole numbers: 
Throw in the number 0 with the natural numbers and you get
the whole numbers. That’s the only difference—0 is a whole number but not a
natural number. (That’s easy to remember, since a 0 looks like a drawing of a hole.)